mm/kasan: support per-page shadow memory

1. What is per-page shadow memory

This patch introduces infrastructure to support per-page shadow memory.
Per-page shadow memory is the same with original shadow memory except
the granualarity. It's one byte shows the shadow value for the page.
The purpose of introducing this new shadow memory is to save memory
consumption.

2. Problem of current approach

Until now, KASAN needs shadow memory for all the range of the memory
so the amount of statically allocated memory is so large. It causes
the problem that KASAN cannot run on the system with hard memory
constraint. Even if KASAN can run, large memory consumption due to
KASAN changes behaviour of the workload so we cannot validate
the moment that we want to check.

3. How does this patch fix the problem

This patch tries to fix the problem by reducing memory consumption for
the shadow memory. There are two observations.

1) Type of memory usage can be distinguished well.
2) Shadow memory is manipulated/checked in byte unit only for slab,
kernel stack and global variable. Shadow memory for other usecases
just show KASAN_FREE_PAGE or 0 (means valid) in page unit.

With these two observations, I think an optimized way to support
KASAN feature.

1) Introduces per-page shadow that cover all the memory
2) Checks validity of the access through per-page
3) Checks validity of the access through original shadow if
per-page shadow value shows that there is original shadow for this range
4) Allocates/maps specific range of the original shadow on-demand

Instead original shadow statically consumes 1/8 bytes of the amount of
total memory, per-page shadow statically consumes 1/PAGE_SIZE bytes of it.
This new approach will consume some more bytes for on-demand shadow memory
in runtime, but, roughly, it would not be larger than before.

4. Result

Following is the result of the memory consumption
on my 1024 MB QEMU system. runtime shows the maximum memory usage during
the kernel build workload.

base vs patched

MemTotal: 858 MB vs 987 MB
runtime: 0 MB vs 30MB

For 4096 MB QEMU system

MemTotal: 3477 MB vs 4000 MB
runtime: 0 MB vs 50MB

base vs patched (2048 MB QEMU system)
204 s vs 224 s
